# JavaScript Jesters - Phase 1 Meeting Minutes
## Meeting Information
**Meeting Date/Time:** May 15th, 2023 @6:00PM PST  
**Meeting Location:** Online (Zoom)

## Attendees
People who attended:
- [X] Noah Jaurigue
- [X] Aadit Agarwal
- [X] Alexis Chao
- [ ] Melody Yin
- [ ] Simone Wright
- [ ] Justin Ubamadu
- [X] Vuong Bui
- [ ] Lejing Lu
- [ ] Anvi Mittal

## Agenda Items
- ADR Documentation
- Dividing CI/CD tasks
- Sub-Teams!!!

### ADR Documentation
- Based on decisions in meetings, Noah and Aadit will develop the ADR documentation.
- Team members expected to stay up to date with the encased info.

### CI/CD
- Will be dividing CI/CD tasks (as defined by the [assignment](https://canvas.ucsd.edu/courses/44983/assignments/617835)) into the following teams:
  - Linting and Code Style:
    - Vuong
  - Code quality via tool (ex. Codeclimate, Codacy, etc.):
    - Aadit
    - Lejing
  - Code quality via human review (ex. Pull Requests):
    - Alexis
  - Uit tests via automation (ex. Jest, Tape, Ava, Cypress, Mocha/Chai, etc.)*
    - Noah
    - Simone
  - Documentation generation via automation (ex. JSDocs)
    - Justin
    - Anvi
    - Melody
- The following will have to be submitted, and work will be decided later based on the above task progress:
  - phase1.png - a diagram of your phase 1 build pipeline (can be phase1.drawio.png if using draw.io)
  - phase1.md - a short 2 page (roughly) status on the pipeline in terms of what is currently functional (and what is planned or in progress). Embed your diagram in the markdown file.
  - phase1.mp4 - a no more than 2 min video demonstration of the pipeline   

### Sub-Teams
- We are now creating the following sub-teams to clearly define the tasks expected of each member (SEPARATE from CI/CD task teams, these are more permanent)
  - Design
  - Code Team 1
  - Code Team 2
  - Testing/Automation